#
What are we testing 
Steps
Expected result
Actual result
Status
1
Successful login with valid credentials 
Enter username 
standard_user and password secret_sauce -> click “Login”.
User successfully logs in and is redirected to the product page 
Login successful, products are displayed
PASSED 
2
Error when entering an invalid username
Enter an invalid username and valid password (secret_sauce) -> click “Login”.
Error message “Epic sadface: Username and password do not match any user in this service”
Error message “Epic sadface: Username and password do not match any user in this service” OR 
The same error message is displayed 
PASSED 
3
Error when entering an invalid password 
Enter valid username (standard_user) and invalid password (wrong_password) -> click “Login”
Error message “Epic sadface: Username and password do not match any user in this service”
Error message “ Invalid password” 
FAILED 
4
Checking the display of the product list
Enter username 
standard_user and password secret_sauce -> click “Login”.
User successfully logs in and is redirected to the product page. All products are displayed correctly on the page (product images, names, prices).
The user successfully logged in and was redirected to the product page. All products are displayed correctly with images, names, prices.
PASSED
5
Adding a product to the cart 
Authorized user is on the page 
2. Click on the “Add to cart” button for any product
The product is added to the cart, and the “ Remove” button appears. The cart is updated accordingly. 
The product was added the the cart and the “Remove” button appeared. The cart was updated with the added product
PASSED
6
Removing a product from the cart
Authorized user is on the page and the product is already added to the cart
Click on the cart icon to open the cart 
Click the “Remove” button next to the product 
The product is successfully removed from the cart. The cart is updated. product no longer appears.
The product was successfully removed from the cart. The cart was updated accordingly.
PASSED 
7
Placing an order without entering zip 
Authorized user is logged in and has a product in the cart and wants to check out
On the check out page the user enters First name and Last anime but leaves the ZIP code filed empty.
Clicks “Continue” 
An error  message displayed “Error: Postal Code is required”.
An error displayed “Error: Postal Code is required”.
PASSED
8
Checking the operation of the product sorting filter (исправить на Sorting products by price: Low to High. Так как в этом секторе есть еще тестовые случаи как A-Z, etc.)
Authorized user is on the Products page 
User clicks on the sorting dropdown. 
User selects “Price low to high” from the list.
A pop-up window appears and after clicking the "price (low to high) products on the page is sorted accordingly.  (исправить на The products are sorted from the lowest to the highest price. The sorting is applied correctly.
Products were sorted from the lowest to the highest price after selecting the filter.
PASSED
9
Сompleting the order with valid credentials
Authorized user has a product in the cart and is on the checkout page.
User enters valid personal information (First name, Last name, ZIP code).
User clicks the “finish button”.
“THANK YOU FOR YOUR ORDER” page appears, confirming the order is complete.
“THANK YOU FOR YOUR ORDER” page appears, confirming the order is complete.
PASSED
10
Adding multiple items to cart
Authorized user is on the products page.
User clicks “add to cart” button for multiple products.
The button “Remove” appears for each added product. Products successfully added to the cart. 
The button “Remove” appeared for each product and all selected products were added to the cart accordingly. 
PASSED










































































